You already have a girlfriend
I thought three years was just a temporary separation
It turns out that he already has a newcomer
Since you are shameless
Then I'll post it online for you.
Let everyone see what the mistress looks like
I am the one who passed away
How dare you touch me?
The chairperson won't let you go
You're a little intern
You still want the chairperson to stand up for you
That's funny.
Come and see this woman
Buy his house and sleep with him
Did you stop me from seeing this bitch?
It's not worth getting your hands dirty for this kind of person.
This kind of woman who doesn't even want dignity for money
I will never look down on it
Lu Zesheng
You made me understand
It turns out that my three-year wait is so ridiculous
And so forth.
I have signed the contract
The commission is 100,000
Consider it my payment to you.
Hey
Dad, why is your voice hoarse?
I was busy and forgot to drink water.
Good. Don't forget.
You are the eldest lady of Lin's Group
No one can make you feel wronged